**Related Publications**  
Malaterre, Christophe, Francis Lareau. 2022. "The early days of contemporary philosophy of science: Novel insights from machine translation and topic-modeling of non-parallel multilingual corpora", *Synthese*.  
Malaterre, Christophe, Francis Lareau, Davide Pulizzotto, and Jonathan St-Onge. 2020. "Eight Journals over Eight Decades: A Computational Topic-Modeling Approach to Contemporary Philosophy of Science." *Synthese*, December. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11229-020-02915-6.  
Malaterre, Christophe, Jean-François Chartier, and Davide Pulizzotto. 2019. "What Is This Thing Called Philosophy of Science? A Computational Topic-Modeling Perspective 1934-2015." *HOPOS* 9 (2): 215–49. https://doi.org/10.1086/704372.  
Malaterre, Christophe, Jean-François Chartier, and Francis Lareau. 2020. "The Recipes of Philosophy of Science: Characterizing the Semantic Structure of Corpora by Means of Topic Associative Rules." *PLOS ONE* 15 (11): e0242353. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0242353.

**Acknowledgements**  
The authors are grateful to JSTOR, Elsevier, Oxford University Press, Springer, Taylor and Francis, and University of Chicago Press for providing access to journal articles for text-mining purposes. Special thanks are due to Pedro Peres-Neto for providing guidance with matrix similarity measures, to Sari Lemable and Frédérick Deschênes respectively for Dutch and German translation checks and to Martin Léonard for realizing the topic web-browser. C.M. acknowledges funding from Canada Foundation for Innovation (Grant 34555) and Canada Research Chairs (CRC-950-230795). F.L. acknowledges funding from the Fonds de recherche du Québec - Société et culture (FRQSC-276470).
